[link to video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lNOw1DxXf34&ab_channel=IvanTimoshkin)

Hello! My name is Ivan, I am 30 years old, in 2015 I graduated from the University of Architecture and Construction with a degree in environmental engineering. From the moment I graduated from the university to the present, I managed to get some work experience that helped me decide what specialty I want to master in the future, and this is front-end development. On December 5, 2022, I registered for stage 0 at the rs school. This direction immediately drew me in and I eagerly began to study any information that the school gives. At stage 0, I didn’t have any difficulties and I completed all tasks related to coding for the maximum score. after finishing stage 0, I immediately registered for stage 1. at stage 1, the amount of time allotted for the task was much less than at stage 0 And this is the first problem I've encountered. The first month everything was great and I stayed in the first place, but one of the weeks it was a week when we did the shelter part 3, I couldn’t do one of the slider requirements for which they gave about 3 points and I spent about 3 days on it to solve this problem. This put me in a difficult situation, namely, I had to do two tests and pagination to the shelter 5 hours before the end of the work. As a result, I did not write tests for 100 points, because of which I lost my place in the ladder and because of this I had to stay up all night and go to work tired. At that moment, I learned what a deadline is. Of course, I drew conclusions and later, if I did not succeed in some task, I left it for last and returned to it after completing the rest of the task, which allowed me not to violate the deadlines. While studying at school, I also learned to write cleaner and more understandable code, I try to exclude repetitions in the code, incomprehensible names in variables and functions, and I try to use more modern solutions that I implemented in the Minesweeper game. In conclusion, I want to say that my motivation is getting stronger every day, otherwise how would I cope with the load of school, work and family? I consider myself sufficiently organized and responsible to continue my studies at stage 2 and subsequently to work in the direction of front-end development. Thank you for your attention and goodbye.